docs(en): merge reactjs.org/main into zh-hans.reactjs.org/main @ b2d16e5a (#784)
reactjs/zh-hans.reactjs.org: content/docs/strict-mode.md

> 注意：
>

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> > 从 React 17 开始，React 会自动修改 console 的方法，例如 `console.log()`，以在对生命周期函数的第二次调用中静默日志。然而，在某些[可以使用替代解决方案](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125)的情况下，这可能会导致一些不期望的行为的发生。
> =======
> > In React 17, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).
> >
> > Starting from React 18, React does not suppress any logs. However, if you have React DevTools installed, the logs from the second call will appear slightly dimmed. React DevTools also offers a setting (off by default) to suppress them completely.
> >>>>>>> b2d16e5ac669e0e8fe5c0076fb9c908d2d730105

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 从 React 17 开始，React 会自动修改 console 的方法，例如 `console.log()`，以在对生命周期函数的第二次调用中静默日志。然而，在某些 [可以使用替代解决方案](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125) 的情况下，这可能会导致一些不被期望的行为的发生。
=======
> In React 17, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).
>
> Starting from React 18, React does not suppress any logs. However, if you have React DevTools installed, the logs from the second call will appear slightly dimmed. React DevTools also offers a setting (off by default) to suppress them completely.
>>>>>>> b2d16e5ac669e0e8fe5c0076fb9c908d2d730105
```
